Reesscot canvas troubleshooting (#2043)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Add a [changeset](https://github.com/changesets/changesets) that describes your changes. More info [here](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/blob/main/docs/adding-a-changeset.md). Please make sure that your changeset only bumps `@aws-amplify/*` packages and does not bump any of private packages like `docs`, `e2e`, `examples`, etc.
1. Finally, Amplify UI team will review your PR. Add reviewers based on the core member who is tracking the issue with you or code owners. In the meantime, address any automated check that fail (such as linting, unit tests, etc. in CI)

### Troubleshooting

> If using an M1/M2 Macbook and you get the following error message regarding installation of `canvas`:

Reviewer: What do you think of future proofing a bit more by updating to:
```suggestion
If using an M1 (or more recent) Macbook and you get the following error message regarding installation of `canvas`:
```
